Changing pennies: In this file I created integers for each value of coins- pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters. The user is asked to input a number of pennies through a scanner. The point of this project is to put the number of pennies in terms of dollars with change. Then, I created several outprints that calculate the remainder number of coins after the total number of pennies is divided by quarters dimes and nickels. Example: if I input 289 pennies. The output will be $2.89 

Object demo: This code calculates how many days you have been alive. I created objects for day, mont, and year. The user will enter his or her birthday including the month, day, and year. An additional file in the src folder has the code that holds the appropriate number of days for each month 

Picture.java/ ShowPics: In this file, I created objects so that the output would be a collage of photos of different animals. 

PlayWordGuess: This code creates a game where the user will try to guess one of the words that are stored in a different file. The scanner takes in the input from the user and keeps track of each letter that is guessed by the user. The game.getGuessesLeft method shows the user how many guesses they have left after guessing a letter of the word. The game.getLettersGuessed method keeps track of what letters the user has guessed already so they know not to input that letter again. The string of the mystery word displays the number of spaces in the output of how many letters are in the word.

Project2- Connect 4: This code creates a game of connect four of which the AI player has many techniques that gives it a better chance of winning. In the PlayerRachel file, I created my own techniques. One of the techniques that I created was that if the player places its piece in the middle row for its first play, the AI player will place their chip on either side of that middle chip. 

TicTacToe: This code creates a game of TicTacToe. For loops were created to check if the player won horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. Without these checks, the computer would never notify the user that the game is over. The user will make its play by inputing which row and column he or she will place their X or O. This is done by implementing scanners in the main method. Booleans were made to signifiy when the game is over according to which if- statements were true.
